(First member of LOOΠΔ appeared after changing outfits)
HeeJin: I changed clothes into a flower pattern dress
(The 6th, 9th and 10th girls are practicing dance while waiting)
HeeJin: Did you see that?
HeeJin: We never forget practicing dance even in the set for a photo shooting!
HeeJin: I mean, every member of LOOΠΔ is full of passion and energy!
(Here comes Chuu!)
(Between hugging HeeJin and Chuu…)
HyunJin: (Not interested) I changed clothes~
Chuu: Yellow? So cute~
HeeJin: You’re cuter than that~
HaSeul: (Not interested) Can I look into a mirror?
Chuu: No~!
Kim Lip: Can you believe that I dressed in this dress thing?
Kim Lip: It’a unbelievable, right?
Kim Lip: Actually, some guys laughed at me~
(Meanwhile, Go Won trying to be cute in front of some members!)
JInSoul: It’s…
Go Won: Our choreography!
JinSoul: Choreography~
JinSoul: She’s practicing her facial expressions~
JinSoul: And I’m copying her like a mirror!
(Let’s guess what facial expressions they’re practicing…)
(Don’t know what it is, anyway Go Won win!)
(And this two girls are not interested in them at all...)
Go Won: I told you I’m very shy~